# Skyrim-Book-Database
This simple program, made using SQL and Python, allows fans of the little known, 2011 RPG "The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim", to organise their collection of books throughout their numerous properties within the game, stopping you collecting hundreds of duplicates because you have forgotton that the copy you already own is on a shelf of your least favourite house.

Within this repository users can find several versions of the program, the first is the 'Script' version of the database, that I worked upon for the majority of the development. To use this version correctly, remember to download all lists, fonts and the database file, along with the most recent version of the python script. The Second version is a standalone EXE file, for those that want to use the database without Python and without installing it onto their machine. To ensure this version is works correctly, make sure the the .exe file is kept in the same location as the folder '_internal' (DO NOT PLACE THE EXE INSIDE OF THIS FOLDER!) The Third version of this database is contained within the 'SB_setup.exe' installer, which can take care of the installation process for you. This version will automatically create Desktop and Start Menu shortcuts based upon the users chosen install path, the default path being within %AppData%/Roaming. If you wish to install the program into ProgramFiles, you will need to run the final .exe as an administrator everytime, else it will not be able to write to the necessary files and save your work.

For now, this program is only Windows compatible, however it should work with any version. Stay tuned in the future for a mobile version!
